README.md, before:

# Minigame
The Goal of this minigame is to test my coding speed in c++ and logical thinking to make a basic simple game, without the help of any game engine or pre-written code, the goal of this project is to kearn some basic game dev concepts and how to implement them in code, the project is written in just one file: "main.cpp", and uses SDL2 for its core, the program just creates a window, a big block and unlimited small blocks.

The Player has to catch the small blocks and maintain a high score, the challenge is to collect as many miniblocks in the given timelimit, the highest score wins the game. At Current progress the game is just floating blocks thats it, many things to go, including the screen changing, winning and losing and most importantly the fonts.

Features of the Project, Upcoming:
1. Create a Font System.
2. Create a Timing System using SDL2 or chrono STL.
3. Screen Management.
4. Winning and losing.
5. Screens and Credits.

These are the basic features of this minigame, as I said many more projects like this are in my todo and would continue to evolve into a big creation as well. Enjoy, The code here is written doesn't use any IDE, and is written in a Text Editor called Textmate on Mac and uses Makefile to compile, just type in the command inside the directory in a terminal: "make" and the window would open itself and would delete the file once the window is closed.

The code is free to use in any project you like, no need to reference Nav or anything, this is practise and I guess should be free to use.

Anyway, Created by Nav 2020

Commit message:

Completed Project and Updated README

README.md, after:

# Colliders - Minigame
Colliders is basically a catch the object style minigame with a timer, scoreboard and very basic menu and finishing screen, the game has a sixty second clock which and uses pixel font for its UI.

The UI resembles command line games, but this game runs on an SDL2_Window and Renders all the objects using colors, the random generation algorithm is simple and is not too hard to understand, the game is written in just one source file called: "main.cpp" and uses Makefile to compile its source, the game uses SDL2, SDL2_IMAGE AND SDL2_TTF for its core and C++ as its programming language. The game uses G++ Compiler and for now runs on Mac.

### Conclusion
This project marks my first completed C++ Game and First Completed Mac Game, This Game is basically designed just for me, since I am get bored coding throughout the day, this is just a simple stress reliever, I started working on this project yesterday and got so hyped I finished it in a day. I would document the experience on my [Blog](https://navslife.com/).

**Completed on 18 June 2020**
